README.md, before:

# COUES

## Description
Take a quiz and discover your wild side! This web app is a quiz that will assign you an animal: Bear, Jaguar, Eagle, Dolphin, Sloth, and Cody the Corgi. (Cody is a homage to our Sensei). Answer the twelve questions and discover your animal. Have fun!

## Table of Contents (Optional)

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)
- [Badges](#badges)
- [Features](#features)
- [Contribute](#how-to-contribute)

## Installation

npm install will install the following dependencies;

    "@apollo/server": "^4.7.1",
    "apollo-server-express": "^3.13.0",
    "bcrypt": "^5.0.1",
    "express": "^4.17.1",
    "graphql": "^16.6.0",
    "jsonwebtoken": "^8.5.1",
    "mongoose": "^7.0.2"
    "@apollo/client": "^3.7.15",
    "@testing-library/react": "^14.0.0",
    "bootstrap": "^5.3.3",
    "framer-motion": "^11.2.10",
    "graphql": "^16.6.0",
    "happy-dom": "^9.20.3",
    "jwt-decode": "^3.1.2",
    "react": "^18.2.0",
    "react-bootstrap": "^2.10.2",
    "react-dom": "^18.2.0",
    "react-router-dom": "^6.11.2",
    "vitest": "^1.4.0"

## Usage

run npm *** and insert on of the folling, replacing the ***. 

    "start": "cd server && npm start",

    "install": "cd server && npm i && cd ../client && npm i",

    "build": "cd client && npm run build"



Take a quize and discover your wild side. We will collect your data and use it as we feel fit! Muahahahahahaha!!!!!

## Credits

Thanks to Kyle V and Drew H for beign great instructors and providing all of their students with wonder full help and direction as we learned to Full-Stack Code!!!

## License

![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-darkgreen)

Copyright (c) 2024 get-wetto

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

(https://opensource.org/license/mit)

## Badges

![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-darkgreen)

![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-darkblue)

(https://shields.io/)

## Features

## How to Contribute

You can contribute via the following GitHub link.

https://github.com/nbruggeman92/get-wetto

Clone the repo, create a branch and request a pull via push of your contributions. We will review and decide from there.

Commit message:

added screenshots and slides sections to readme

README.md, after:

# COUES

## Description
Take a quiz and discover your wild side! This web app is a quiz that will assign you an animal: Bear, Jaguar, Eagle, Dolphin, Sloth, and Cody the Corgi. (Cody is a homage to our Sensei). Answer the twelve questions and discover your animal. Have fun!

## Table of Contents (Optional)

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)
- [Badges](#badges)
- [Features](#features)
- [Contribute](#how-to-contribute)
- [Presentation](#slide-presentation)
- [Screenshots](#screenshots)

## Installation

npm install will install the following dependencies;

    "@apollo/server": "^4.7.1",
    "apollo-server-express": "^3.13.0",
    "bcrypt": "^5.0.1",
    "express": "^4.17.1",
    "graphql": "^16.6.0",
    "jsonwebtoken": "^8.5.1",
    "mongoose": "^7.0.2"
    "@apollo/client": "^3.7.15",
    "@testing-library/react": "^14.0.0",
    "bootstrap": "^5.3.3",
    "framer-motion": "^11.2.10",
    "graphql": "^16.6.0",
    "happy-dom": "^9.20.3",
    "jwt-decode": "^3.1.2",
    "react": "^18.2.0",
    "react-bootstrap": "^2.10.2",
    "react-dom": "^18.2.0",
    "react-router-dom": "^6.11.2",
    "vitest": "^1.4.0"

## Usage

run npm *** and insert on of the folling, replacing the ***. 

    "start": "cd server && npm start",

    "install": "cd server && npm i && cd ../client && npm i",

    "build": "cd client && npm run build"



Take a quiz and discover your wild side. We will collect your data and use it as we feel fit! Muahahahahahaha!!!!!

## Credits

Thanks to Kyle V and Drew H for beign great instructors and providing all of their students with wonder full help and direction as we learned to Full-Stack Code!!!

## License

![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-darkgreen)

Copyright (c) 2024 get-wetto

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

(https://opensource.org/license/mit)

## Badges

![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-darkgreen)

![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-darkblue)

(https://shields.io/)

## Features

## How to Contribute

You can contribute via the following GitHub link.

https://github.com/nbruggeman92/get-wetto

Clone the repo, create a branch and request a pull via push of your contributions. We will review and decide from there.

## Slide Presentation

https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1_4m8k2qX_YmIoexiaqg-TW5iToZ6VPKlhR8w07bHDss/edit?usp=sharing

## Screenshots
